A loss of RC signal in flight isn't actually as catastrophic as it might seem. There are a few things that a drone will do after loss of RC signal. This can be configured in the settings (Three dot menu, the top icon that looks like a quadcopter, then advanced, and finally "Remote Controller Signal Lost". You can switch between Return-to-Home, Landing, and Hover).

1. You may have flaky control over the quad through your remote control. If you've got any RC control at all, odds are you have video. Try to ascend if you can (This will give you line of sight with the drone, which should help your signal woes).  
2. If you regained control by ascending, then you can got ahead and continue with your flight, but be warned that you're approaching the edge of what your drone can handle. If you keep going, you're going to be back here again.

3. If you have control through your smart device but no meaningful control through your controller (You may have limited control, but you will have flaky or no video if you lose RC signal), your first priority should become bringing the drone back into RC range so that you regain full control over your quad. The easiest way to bring it back into range is going to be initiating a Return to Home through your smart device if the quad hasn't done so automatically. Keep in mind that the quad is going to follow a straight line back, so if there are obstructions, now is the time to start sweating a bit.
4. If you have reason to believe that you're going to run into an obstacle if the drone comes straight back, take manual control as soon as you're able to (Hit the pause button on the RC or the red x button on the smart device) and take evasive maneuvers. I recommend ascending as soon as you can because in theory you will regain meaningful control by ascending and reestablishing line of sight. If you are well and truly too far away, ascending will at the very least clear a path for the drone to safely come back on Return to Home.

Good luck! This situation is absolutely a recoverable one, as long as you keep a level head and DO NOT PANIC. I repeat, DO NOT PANIC. Panicking will turn off the logical part of your brain and you can turn a recoverable situation into an unrecoverable one if you aren't thinking straight and you turn this into a critical battery situation.